# DataBase_ElGranAbarrotero
Repository that contains all the development of one simulation of a database for a Supermarket Chain called "El Gran Abarrotero".

## Diagramas
In the carpet "Diagramas" you could find all the diagrams that we developed, in particular the entity relationship model that was the initial point of the development of all the project and also, the relationship model, in which we manipulate a little more the tables and their operation.

## Docs
In this carpet, you can find the document "Diccionario" when is saved all the information about the entities, the relationships and the attributes. 

## SQL 
In the **DDL** script is the programming of the DDL model of the database, in order to create physically the database.
In the **DML** script you can find the poblation of every single table of the database, all the data was generated by a kind of software to create dates.
In the **Programación** script are the triggers and stored procedures, all of them were created according to the customer needs.
Finally in the **Query** script are the queries to the database in them we can see the consistency of the database.

## Cómo probar el proyecto
We recommend to use **pgAdmin 4** to show the performance of the database, in case that you haven't it , you can download it in the following links:

### Para Windows
Click here to download it [Here](https://www.pgadmin.org/download/pgadmin-4-windows/)

### Para Ubuntu/Debian
Click here to download it [Here](https://www.pgadmin.org/download/pgadmin-4-apt/)

Once that you have open the program, you have to add the folder and then start with the execution of the programs, first the DDL, then the DML, after that the Programacion and at the end the Query script. 

It is important to say that for the correct working you need to have an image of PostreSql that you can download with the help of Docker.

